DOC-2148: AI Assistant bug fix documentation entry for TINY-10102 in the 6.6.1 Release Notes (#2831)
tinymce/tinymce-docs: modules/ROOT/pages/6.6.1-release-notes.adoc

// CCFR here.

> ==== When Safari on macOS was the host environment and a returned response was inserted into the {productname} editor, the inserted content did not scroll into view

Author: ```suggestion
==== When a response from the AI Assistant dialog was inserted into a selection not in view, the content did not scroll into view
```

// CCFR here.

> ==== when Safari on macOS was the host environment and a returned response was inserted into the {productname} editor, the inserted content did not scroll into view

Reviewer: ```suggestion
==== When Safari on macOS was the host environment and a returned response was inserted into the {productname} editor, the inserted content did not scroll into view
```

//#TINY-10102

Previously when:

. Safari running on macOS was the host browser; and
. the **AI Assistant** dialog was open and contained a returned response; and
. the *Insert* button was pressed

> The **AI Assistant** dialog closed but, if the inserted content was not visible, the {productname} editor instance did not scroll the material into view.

Author: ```suggestion
the **AI Assistant** dialog closed but, if the inserted content was not visible, the {productname} editor instance did not scroll the returned response into view.
```

> Previously when:
> 
> . Safari running on macOS was the host browser; and
> . the **AI Assistant** dialog was open and contained a returned response; and
> . the *Insert* button was pressed
> 
> the **AI Assistant** dialog closed but, if the inserted content was not visible, the {productname} editor instance did not scroll the returned response into view.
> 
> **AI Assistant** 1.0.1 fixes this.
> 
> With this release, after the *Insert* button is pressed and the **AI Assistant** dialog closes, if the inserted response is not visible, the {productname} editor scrolls it into view.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Previously when inserting a response from the AI Assistant dialog at a selection which is above the current view, the inserted content would not be scrolled into view.

In **AI Assistant** 1.0.1, the response is now inserted after the dialog is closed, allowing the content to be scrolled into view correctly.
```
It wasn't a browser specific issue, just the order of operations from an incomplete workaround.
